What I Did:

I built upon my RunTwo StringKata (https://github.com/IanSwift/StringKata/tree/RunTwo) in order
to build a logging service (tested through mocks to make sure interactions were happening) which
printed to a file (tested by reading the file) the results of all summations. Then, I added
a WebService interface (which in actuality just prints a response out to console), which would
be notified if a log failed.

What I Did Right:

I did a pretty good job of test driving this, and I did it pretty fast. I was able to get the
full story done in under an hour (some mistakes given), and even stepped away thinking I had
done it completely right. I also learned something--I spent a good amount of time before starting
writing worrying about what the WebService would do. It doesn't matter what the webservice does! I don't
need it to write the rest of my application, and I can switch it out should I ever feel the need.
The idea to print to console came to me through writing the code, and I think it's a pretty effective
replacement for an actual web notification.

What I Did Wrong:

A lot. First of all, I shouldn't have spent so much time worrying about the web service. That's the
point of separating components and writing mocks. This was emphasized more so by this kata then
the previous TDD katas I've done, so I was happy with that at least. I also messed up my tests pretty
bad. In my code I test that adder throws an error, but I fail to test if parser throws an error.
The problem here is that ninety-nine times out of a hundred, it's going to be the parser that
throws an error, not the adder. This came out neither in my tests, nor was it driven out. There's
two possibilitites here. Either I 1) didn't effectively test drive out that feature, and need to
slow down more. Is a red test always good when its red for a reason that doesn't encapsulate the
use cases? Was the change I made to make it green necessary? I think if I had slowed down and
looked at the code in Calculator after writing/passing the test, I would have noticed it right away.
This is something I'm going to be thinking about for a while.
